hi guys we're with Lucas Salles
fragile still pay also hit the
house of the earth are all think not
it's gay and it came to me the op you did not
this is relative to the edition of this sky
look who's talking here about the idea
for the break which is to ask not to
It was I who gave the idea that it was a lie.
good idea is you guys doing
comments but our publications
Defeating the button detachment number
The ideal address is to call you to know
What do you guys think the same number of
leave my fan page my ox
Okay, Lucas was good and left the
phone is my fan page badly phone
It is not and left left the phone on the fan
page
so what I wanted
Well, you got it now, congratulations.
do you want to break you're where you
okay where I was playing now playing in
its code 10 27 where 0 is 27 emmys and
holy spirit is holy spirit logo
Hugs and kisses.
because man of which is the analysis and
development of legal systems where
answered the phone arrives by the mouth does
well you left your parents house just to
to go to college when all this
story for us
the moment the google attention is now cool
brigade so I 'm not going to roll up
mouth boys understanding nothing is talking
with the guy who left me, you fucker
I guess that fucking internet search
The kiss that was great was great.
now cry to who are you who left your
number on my fan page idea I do not know the
Yes, I want, I am what I can.
help a family by phone page
from the break so you want to talk to her only
the chance now
I love you too, it's good, it's good
for us it's the girl imagine left the
our girl
ae
Facebook 15 minutes where you can see
on the planetarium to your left home
but it's not serious because it's very easy
speak the obvious because your
face
I 'll give you time to suffer from health
I liked her, what the fuck again?
I think it was not the first and George did not
It is good're good
Hi, how are you? What's up?
daniel gabriel the following you sent the
Your telephone is your email.
the fall of google's production to us
is doing a test to make the day
Bride us wonder if his mother
She wants to be a bride.
tomorrow come in, I had to hello my name is
angelica found the production of the program
and I want to know if you
would be interested in participating in the
picture a wedding day on which the lady
can be a bride and house internally
simulating only the fiancé of our
painting
what a pity that such a southern curve
reached his 10 years of age
the gugu program extinguished program
gugu that no more a new time does not have
the illegal game a person who was in the
community I chose to wait or be
can not give
before marrying the eight is not good
Vivian
I wanted to know if it is to choose the same if
You like me, you giggle.
ok you here citizens and memory that 92
I thought it was United States.
Good, but my god, we 'll do it.
Something already at night the college of
that accounting people love people
smart and you can find it in a
manaus shopping
the Xororó haco I'm beautiful girlfriend I
also did not know which god is joining
We do not know, I do not know, then Jesus.
next to morro account I want a quiz and
with your sin is the relaxation
so just look who wants to go here
twitter so anyone who wants to sell
write because it is interesting tac button is
and who wants to be down here too
facebook the same thing underneath
subtle is on the site a bit we were in
pay no fight on this link to
get to the brigade to be obliged to you
You still think it's right, thank you and she
died in memory of explosion